bookstore/com/core/response/CoreResponse.java
 bookstore.com.core.response.CoreResponse
bookstore/com/console_ui/ProgramMenu.java
 bookstore.com.console_ui.ProgramMenu
bookstore/com/web_ui/config/SpringWebConfiguration.java
 bookstore.com.web_ui.config.SpringWebConfiguration
bookstore/com/database/InMemoryDatabaseImplementation.java
 bookstore.com.database.InMemoryDatabaseImplementation
bookstore/com/console_ui/UIAction.java
 bookstore.com.console_ui.UIAction
bookstore/com/console_ui/ExitFromApplicationUIAction.java
 bookstore.com.console_ui.ExitFromApplicationUIAction
bookstore/com/core/validators/AddBookRequestValidator.java
 bookstore.com.core.validators.AddBookRequestValidator
bookstore/com/console_ui/AddBookUIAction.java
 bookstore.com.console_ui.AddBookUIAction
bookstore/com/core/response/GetAllBooksResponse.java
 bookstore.com.core.response.GetAllBooksResponse
bookstore/com/database/ORMBookDatabase.java
 bookstore.com.database.ORMBookDatabase
bookstore/com/core/response/AddBookResponse.java
 bookstore.com.core.response.AddBookResponse
bookstore/com/config/SpringCoreConfiguration.java
 bookstore.com.config.SpringCoreConfiguration
bookstore/com/core/service/AddBookService.java
 bookstore.com.core.service.AddBookService
bookstore/com/core/request/AddBookRequest.java
 bookstore.com.core.request.AddBookRequest
bookstore/com/core/domain/Book.java
 bookstore.com.core.domain.Book
bookstore/com/core/response/CoreError.java
 bookstore.com.core.response.CoreError
bookstore/com/database/BookDatabase.java
 bookstore.com.database.BookDatabase
bookstore/com/core/request/Paging.java
 bookstore.com.core.request.Paging
bookstore/com/BookstoreApplication.java
 bookstore.com.BookstoreApplication
bookstore/com/core/request/GetAllBooksRequest.java
 bookstore.com.core.request.GetAllBooksRequest
bookstore/com/database/jpa/BookRepository.java
 bookstore.com.database.jpa.BookRepository
bookstore/com/core/request/Ordering.java
 bookstore.com.core.request.Ordering
